Hey everyone, welcome back to the development module. Today we'll be going over
how to master
Superwall. Superwall is the paywall provider and is how you'll be tracking your
revenue per user,
your lifetime value, your AV testing, how many people actually reaching the pay
wall,
testing pricing, etc. And it's very essential in order to be really profitable
and to improve
everything else in the business side of things. So this is less about the
product,
more about the business side of things. So we'll go straight for it. This is
the Superwall dashboard
at Superwall.com. I'm already logged in, but if you're not logged in yet, just
like create an account,
very simple stuff. So I'll run you through the main dashboard. Top left is the
proceeds today.
So it's the amount of revenue minus Apple's cart, whether that be 15 or 30%.
They take 30%
from me. So my gross today is about maybe 11 or 12k. And after their taxes, we
're sitting at like
8.2k for the day, which isn't great. But hey, like is what it is. That's not
fucking important
right now. Okay, so new users. This is how many people in the last 24 hours
have downloaded your
app. So about free 3.2k. This is how many people have converted in the last 24
hours, including free
trials. So it can be a bit misleading at times. I have a hard paywall, but for
under 18s, as you
can see, we have a free trial. So that's why only two hundred like 200
conversions, which is quite
a lot, only a mass to $700, which is like $3 per user. It doesn't make sense.
That's because there's
a free trial. And yeah, very simple stuff. The next one is initial conversions.
So how many people
downloaded the app within the last 24 hours that ended up paying within the 24
hours. This number
here is like, like, how many people today have converted, they could have
downloaded it last week
or the week before, whatever. So the payroll rate is also very important metric
. The payroll rate
displays what percent of users that have downloaded your app ended up reaching
the paywall. And usually
with a long onboarding, you can expect a high drop off. You want to be around
the 85 to 90% range.
That's like the sweet spot. At the same time, I'm not too bothered with 83%
because all the people
that had low intent and weren't going to buy from you anyway would have dropped
off. All of these
people came to the end and they were super prep to pay. And that's why our
conversion rate is about 20%.
Which is on the far right side. Take a sip of water real quick.
Okay, so let's get started. This is Quidders Breakdown. And what we do is we
present paywalls
by age. So on the back end, and I'll show you how to do this as well, we pretty
much ask for your
age during the onboarding. And whatever age you're in will display a custom pay
wall. Now, we don't
necessarily change the prices because that might be against their terms of
service. But what we do
do, what we do do, but what we do is we see the conversion rates of different
age groups. And we
didn't do this for a long time. But ever since we started doing it, I've been
learning a hell of a
lot more about our demographic and like how much intent there is based on
different age ranges.
So for example, age 23 to 28 seemingly has one of the highest conversion rates
at 17.6%
paying. So under 18, 17.2%, but they're free trial. So getting like almost 18%
paying is insane.
And shows that this is the age demographic that we should be focusing on. And
this really helps
it on marketing because let's say we know this is the most profitable niche,
most profitable age
range. I'm just going to find creators that serve viewers in that age range. Or
I'm going to target
Facebook and meta ads in that age range and eventually be more profitable. Very
, very simple stuff.
What's also interesting to know is under 18, at least for my app. So this is
very like subjective.
But for my app, most of the traffic comes from under 18. Whereas like even
though
23 to 28 year olds bring in the most revenue, under 18 serve as a massive
massive like service
massive volume for downloads. All right. So now how do you start testing and
what are the key
metrics to look for when it comes to testing different payables or pricing? So
the first thing I do
when I'm beginning is start out in the templates category. So on the left side
of Superwall over
here, there is a botting called templates. Click onto that and look for
something that interests you.
So what you're looking for is something that appeals to your company. So if
this consumer
utility, for example, I'd copy this one, homework AI, it's very clear, very
simple. Or if it's like
a chat based app, maybe I choose the step saga, this one right here. Or you
know, you can make it
whatever you want, depending on the design of your app, depending on the
demographic of targeting,
choose anything that interests you is not really a big deal. We'll be testing
these payables anyway.
So if one doesn't convert, we can always test another. We can test a bunch of
conjunction.
And you can find out what's the most optimal for you. So what Super does with
these templates,
by the way, is all the successful apps found in paywallscreens.com. So they've
compiled a
bunch of different payables. They've also listed the revenue these apps are
making. You probably
find Twitter here, I'm sure as well. Yep. Well, it says I'm making 30k a month,
which isn't true.
But this is one of our old payables. And it's like, or maybe Kali, I will use
Kali for this example.
So it says, I'm making 200k a month. But this is the paywall that we're using.
And you know, it's very simple. And you can copy it in the templates category.
So for example,
the quitter one is right here is called capture AI for some reason. But it's
fine. All you need to do
is just click on it and then click use template. But because we're doing a Kali
iCloud, I want to
make, I want to pick a paywall that's kind of better for that. So I'm going to
choose.
I think I'm going to do the homework AI one. So scroll back up to the top of
homework AI is
and click on it, click use template. Super simple. Next, it'll show you like a
figment kind of breakdown
of like what all the elements are. All you need to do is change the text. So I
'm going to call this
Cal AI at the top. Cal AI is not pro, but we'll keep it. And then the bullet
points. So I'm going to
write track calories in one snap. Lose weight, easy and fast. And of course,
Hunter or Blake would
have covered this in the design section. But you want to kind of show language
where it's like,
okay, I'm reading this paywall screen. This app is going to change my life. I'm
going to track
calories. I'm going to lose weight easily. I'm going to become the best version
of myself. All I've
got to do is pay $20 a year. And if you convince that across, then you're going
to be super successful.
But again, like we're going to show you how to test these different paywall
suit. You're not
working in the dark. I always recommend striving for data. So that's exactly
what we're going to be
doing. So look, I picked the paywall. I'm going to pick up product. So product
also contains a
price. So they kind of look the same thing. So I'm going to choose like, let's
say for 99 a week,
or secondary, maybe 1499 a month. And I'm curious, like which one's going to
convert the most,
like what what product is going to sell the most? Very simple. Just save this.
Go to campaigns, create new campaign. And let's call it paywall test.
Next thing I want to do is click onto no payables, add paywall, and then just
add the most recent
ones. So it's the homework AI template. So now that's showing to 100% of users,
and the results
breakdown will be on this category. So what I want to do now is make a more
informed decision.
So how do I do that? I go back to templates. Oh, sorry, I go back to payables.
I click this duplicate
button right here, duplicate. And then I just duplicate it. I'm going to call
this
2999 a year test. Of course, by the way, you need all these products already
built out in
App Store Connect, which I'm sure you had to do in a previous step. So all you
need to do is go back
to App Store Connect, go back to subscriptions, and then create a new
subscription and then
just write whatever price you want to test. Let that get approved by Apple
takes probably less
than a day. Then you can use it in Super one start testing, pretty simple stuff
. So okay,
now we've completely duplicated the paywall. So this minimizes other factors.
So for example,
if I were to test a different payroll design with a different price, then I'm
playing with two
factors. Maybe the original homework AI template would have been better because
of the pricing,
but because I changed the design on this one, this performs better. Makes sense
? So even though
the pricing is cheaper, and everyone's looking at the ARPU and they're like, oh
, the average revenue
per user is actually increased because you've had an additional factor, you're
not going to have
a clear answer on what is the most optimal paywall setup for you. But anyways,
back to the products.
I'm going to change the product to 29, 1990 year, and then I'm going to keep
the monthly price.
I'm going to do the weekly price because it's more penetrable now. It's like,
okay, you can pay
499 a week, which adds up to like $20 a month, or you can pay 29, 99 and get
the entire year.
So this is a great test. Because you're kind of covering all areas, and you'll
find out very
fast what your demographic is and what they were paid for, what they were
afford. So boom, we saved
that. And go back into campaigns, go to the new one called paywall test, and
then just click add
paywall and select the brand new 29, 99 year test or whatever you called it.
Now, usually I would
do an 80 20 split. If I have a preexisting successful paywall because I don't
want to mess up revenue
too much, but because these are fresh brand new, I'm willing to do 50 50 and
see which out of the
50% of traffic generates the most revenue. So I just click save, save again,
and boom. Now,
anytime you run this campaign, so by the way, so you've got to do placements.
And this is what
you call the campaign name. So I'm going to call it paywall test, for example,
create paywall test.
And whenever you call that in the Kali i code, so super wall dot, present,
shared up register.
So you have to make sure this now says make it bigger, paywall test. And you'll
see,
when we get back to coding later, that this will now display this campaign with
the split testing.
And now ever anyone that downloads the app will see the either these two pay
ables.
Okay, great. That's the setup. Now what we want to do is wait for the data to
start rolling in so
you can make a better informed decision about which one you want to keep. And
then you can drive more
traffic to a different one. And then you can do additional additional more
tests. Very simple.
Again, I would suggest maybe different design this time rather than different
pricing. So if
you've tested the pricing, now it's time to test design. And I'd pick something
completely different,
maybe something that has a graphic on it, maybe something that feels more
engaging.
Like this, for example, and then we change the text to track calories, do, do,
do, do, do,
and then we change the pricing, maybe offer free trial, whatever, whatever,
whatever.
Pretty simple. I've explained the steps you can just choose which product you
prefer.
And do the same thing. Go back into campaigns, go back into paywall test, go
into payables and
just add this brand new paywall. And then click the pen, change the amount of
people you want to
see the new paywall and boom, let the data start rolling in. What I would
recommend is
wait for like a thousand users. Okay, usually at my scale, I'd wait for like a
thousand to maybe
three thousand users per make a decision, whatever a payroll is good. What's
not good is if you make
a decision based on limited data. So for example, if I have extremely high
quality traffic, like
I've nurtured, I've like paid an influencer, a lot of people trust this influ
encer. And now they
have a bunch of traffic coming in, but is really high in 10. And then this pay
wall is of course
doing super, super well. Like how much of that can you attribute to the traffic
rather than the
actual paywall? So this is why you should wait an extended period of time
before coming to conclusions
about what is the most optimal setup for you. And I would never get stagnant. I
would always be
testing. I'd always be trying new things because like at my scale now, so I
make half a million
dollars a month, like a small 10% increase is $50,000 of additional bottom line
revenue every single
month. So that's just some perspective. And 10% on a $20 plan is an extra $2.
Like it seems very
marginal or nominal, but it adds up big time. And an extra 10% at Cali ice
level is like half a million
to $350,000 a month. So just an example. So yeah, I'm going to show you now how
to study the data
and how to make the informed decisions. And of course, I can't load a bunch of
data to this
because I'm not going to launch this paywall. But I can show you some tests I
've ran and how I
justify what is doing well and what isn't doing well. So we'll go to the 50 off
the discount button.
And we have three different tests. Well, we have two tests. So we'll look at
both of these. So one
of the tests is you open a special gift. It's very like engaging, super, super
engaging. And then you
click claim your lemon sit off for now. The other one is getting hit straight
with a one time offer,
very clean, you have a countdown on the screen, counting down from five minutes
, claim your offer
now. And yeah, let's see if there's a pricing difference as well. No, same
price. But these are
the tests of just a design test. And we'll go to the results tab. And you can
see very clearly the
different results. So if we ignore this one, let's just, let's just do these
two. So folks on the
ones that have checked, the one with the present is making like 10%, 15% less
than the instant one
time off of a five minute countdown. You see that? And that's because I'm
judging the ARPU,
which I believe is the most important metric because this means how much
revenue are you generating
per viewer? So like, let's say 10 people viewed a screen and, you know, one
paid $20,
you're making $2 per view, which is about exactly what this is making. So on
that note,
if your goal is revenue, getting the ARPU up as much as possible, even if that
means the
conversion rate suffers isn't an issue. So you can see there's like a free
percent difference
between this conversion rate and the other conversion rate between this
discount. So this
seems better. And it actually is better. Sorry, that actually is better as a
high conversion rate.
And it makes more money per user, which kind of makes sense. Because if you
have a high conversion
rate, usually more people are paying, which means it's more revenue per user.
So actually,
yeah, no, this is right. But in some instances, like this top one, and I know
we have limited data,
but this is an 8.7% conversion rate. So very low compared to the others, but it
has 2.24
estimated dollars revenue per user. Very interesting stuff. So even though this
is almost half,
it's still making more than the previous one. So again, to cut frame, if you're
optimizing for
revenue, if you're trying to make as much money as possible, focus on ARPU,
even if that means
the expense of conversion rate. Even if that means like you sell $100 a year
and only 5% of people
pay for it, but you make way more money per user, because if you were selling
like $5 a week plan,
you would have maybe a super high conversion rate, but your average revenue per
user wouldn't be
that high, which means it maps out that the $100 a year would be way more
beneficial for you if
you're focusing on revenue. Actually, boom, just forgot massive, massive,
massive thing. I'm going
to tell you guys one sec. All right, lock in, we're not done. I'm about to make
you thousands of
dollars more a day at scale, or at least boost your revenue by 20 to 25 to 40%.
It's that drastic
voice. It's that drastic. Ready? You see this top campaign transaction
abandoned right here?
Yeah. So this has a 25 or 23.1% conversion rate. That means one in four people
pay
when they see this screen. That's how overpowered it is. So I'm going to tell
you what it does,
how to set it up, and a really good pay wall for it. Okay, let's go. So what
you do
is you go to campaigns, new campaign, and you search, you just call this what
transaction
abandoned. I'm going to call it transaction abandoned too, because I already
have one. And
if it placements, you do transaction abandoned. Okay, so this is a default
super wall event name,
and you don't need to make it yourself. And you can already see the amount of
people that
triggered this event the last 24 hours, which is approximately 2000 people. Now
, what this means
is anyone that's clicked on the paywall and has clicks continue and like Apple
have prompted them
to pay. And then, and then they change their mind and tap out of it. Yeah, they
get hit with a
second payroll, which has a massive discount. And it's usually around 50%. Now
these people are
extremely high in 10 because they were about to pay. Maybe you don't know why
they didn't pay,
but maybe pricing was an issue. So the whole strategy of you've made this
campaign, which I'll
show you this one, is to hit them with like a FOMO offer. So this is my FOMO
offer. One time
offer, 80% off forever. And very intentional language. This offer won't be
there once you close it.
You see this right here? Very, very intentional. Now what this does is,
you know, imagine, imagine the flow. Someone's about to pay for the Kali I
clone we just created.
And they really want to check their calories. They really want to change their
life. They really
want to lose weight. But then they get hit the paywall and they're like, okay,
$50 a year.
Let's do it. Fuck it. Let's do it. Click continue. And then the dollar sign
comes up on the screen.
It says 29.99 Kali I and this is double tap to pay. And then the user's like,
actually, it seems like a lot of money. And I don't really spend money on apps.
I only
spend money on food and other stuff. So I'm going to tap out of this. As soon
as they tap out of it,
they get hit with the one time offer, 80% off forever. All right. And it's, it
just hits some of the
fat discount. So yeah, I mean, as the numbers don't lie, I've spoke to Zach who
owns Kali I,
it's boosted their revenue by almost 40%. It's been my main revenue driver
every single day.
And it's probably the most essential part of Superwall. If you want to be
successful long term.
One of the best decisions I've ever, ever, ever made. So I'm real quick. I'll
just show you a
template you can use for that. So if you go to templates and scroll down, this
should be one.
Okay, here's one, for example. This is a bunch of code, but it does actually
count down. And you
can kind of get ideas of one time offer, just uses template and then add it to
the campaign.
Like I've showed you previously, or this is another one, one time offer you
will never see this again
with a massive discount. And I would always discount by at least like 50%. So
the main paywall
is like the main paywall presents you with a product that costs 29, 99 a year.
The discount
gives you an offer for 19, 99 a year, which is about 50%. So yeah, anyways,
that is a high level
overview. I think I've covered all bases when it comes to Superwall. This is
like this, I guess,
the most important and essential stuff. I wouldn't over complicate it. It's
just, you know,
product, paywall, pricing, testing, data, and then you make a decision. And I
would recommend
just keep testing, keep testing, keep testing. There's always ways to optimize
the revenue.
I think I said it's previously, but like a 10% increase, like taking an LTV of
a user from 20,
20 dollars to 22 dollars is a 10% increase, which seems nominal, which seems
marginal,
but I'm making half a million a month. So 10% increase is $50,000 a month. And
it goes
like the same way for like Cali, like if they boost like conversions or boost
like revenue
by 10%, by just playing around with the paywall and the language and how they
are framing things,
that 10% increase is hundreds of thousands. That's a fucking Lamborghini
hurricane
either a month, just in like small, really easy changes. So yeah, as I said,
covered on my bases
here, it is a pretty high level overview. But this is all the important stuff.
And you know,
I've come this far, I mean, I'll show the revenue just just because I don't
really care. This is
proceeds, by the way, oh, that fucking sucks. All right, 90 days, give me
something juicy.
All right, almost a million in the last 90 days. It was better than this. We're
having a slow
month. Point is, you know, I've come this far with all the knowledge I just
showed of you. And as
you can see, transaction abandoned has made miles more than any other campaign
I've ever run,
just for perspective. So yeah, keep killing it boys. Much love. Peace.